java c
CS5804 Research Project Management
Assessment/Coursework for 2024/25
Assessment Title
A Research Proposal
Distribution Date
Monday 3rd   February 2025
Submission Deadline
Tuesday 6th   May 2025 at 11.00 UK time
Feedback by 
Tuesday 3rd   June 2025
Contribution to overall module assessment 
100%
Indicative student time working on assessment
70 Hours
Word or Page Limit (if applicable)
2500 Words (excluding references and Gantt chart)
Assessment Type (individual or group)
Individual
Main Objective of the AssessmentThe coursework for CS5804 (Research Project Management) is an individual research proposal. This assignment assesses the following learning outcomes (LOs):
1.   Critically reflect upon and argue convincingly for the study of a chosen problem area (LO1).
2.   Formulate and critically justify an appropriate research design applicable to the chosen problem area (LO2).
3.   Demonstrate a practical and critical understanding of the key issues and challenges to managing a research project (LO3).
This coursework is designed to prepare you for the dissertation part of your MSc studies, where a key element to a successful MSc dissertation is a well-thought out project proposal. In this assignment, you have three suggested topic areas. You can also choose your own topic area for this assignment, if you so wish, as long as it is relevant to your degree programme. For your dissertation, you will also have a free choice, subject to obtaining the necessary agreement from your supervisorDescription of the AssessmentYou will be required to produce a research proposal. The topic of your research proposal can either be chosen from below or you can identify your own topic. Please make sure that the topic you choose is aligned to the particular MSc that you are doing.      Suggested Topic Area 1: Assessing the Evidence about e-ParticipationE-participation is a generic term which refers to the use of Web-based technologies, such as online social networks, to enable citizens to engage in political activity with the ultimate aim of influencing policy making. Examples include organising social movements, for example, to oppose government policy, such as funding cuts; various forms of online deliberation and discourse, for example, eConsultation and eVoting; trades union activity; and citizen journalism. Typical research questions in this area focus on the following issues:·   What evidence is there that online interactions, such as those outlined above, foster social inclusion and enable democratic decision making? What alternative research findings exist?·   Does e-participation enable new forms of organising, and if so, how enduring are these new forms?Suggested Topic Area 2: Learning Analytics Data AnalysisA course instructor has implemented several new features in a learning management system (LMS) to supplement the current activities undertaken by students studying a module. The instructor wishes to investigate the efficacy of each of these new and existing features as single entities and in combination with each other to increase student attainment. This information will assist the instructor in deciding which features to continue with and augment, and which to drop from the repertoire of activities undertaken by the students. The instructor collected data on which students engaged with which features o代 写CS5804 Research Project Management 2024/25SQL
代做程序编程语言n the LMS, how many times they accessed and engaged with a particular feature, and their final grades. The instructor also has access to the previous cohort’s final grades to allow comparisons to be made when none of these features were enacted. All of the data is available in CSV files. Students are anonymised and identified by number only.Typical research projects in this area address the following hypotheses:·   Hypothesis: Specific instructional features are more effective than others at increasing student attainment either singly or in combination with each other.·   Null Hypothesis: No specific feature or features make any difference to student attainment; it is influenced solely by the number of times a student accesses the materials.Suggested Topic Area 3: Design for Emotional and/or Physiological SignalsWearable devices and smart phones are increasingly being enabled to detect data from their users and the environment. This can include human physiological signals (such as heart rate) but research is also exploring whether human displays of emotion can be detected (for example from facial expression, tone of voice). Typical research questions in this area focus on the following issues:
·   What kinds of applications could benefit from the integration of such technology?
·   What are the legal and ethical implications?
·   Are there user acceptance issues?
·   How can the effectiveness of such applications be evaluated?Additionally, as part of this coursework you are required to undertake (and pass) an online Academic Misconduct Quiz.   This can be (re)taken as many times as you need till you get the requisite score to pass the Quiz, the Completion Certificate of which needs to be included as an appendix in your submission   - failure to do this will result in FAILING CS5804.Assignment StructureYour research proposal should include a literature review; a justification for your choice of research methods; a strategy for collecting data or recruiting participants; and a plan of work for completing your project by mid-September 2025. You should do this by answering the following questions:1.   What work has been done already in the topic area and what are the compelling unanswered questions? Your answer should demonstrate that your research question is one that needs further work.2.   What research methods will you use? Do you think that any other research methods could be used? Justify your selection using appropriate references.3.   What type of data will you need to collect? If your project requires you to conduct some research using participants, what types of participant will you need? How will you recruit them?4.   How long will your project take? You should answer this question by including a Gantt chart. Your Gantt chart should include no more than 10 key activities, with dates, and be accompanied by a short description of each activity.5.   What good project management principles will you use to ensure its success? Do the stages of the GANTT chart include milestone(s) and deliverable(s), as appropriate? Have you identified a risk matrix for your project, with the likelihood of risks to your project, their potential effect on the project, as well as identified measures to mitigate the risks?Your research proposal should be no longer than 2500 words, excluding references and the Gantt chart


         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
